Chore: Update READMEs (#191)
aragonone/court-backend: packages/shared/README.md

### Helpers

It provides the following helper functions:
- [`email-client`](./helpers/email-client.js): Handles sending emails through Postmark

> - [`gas-price-oracle`](./helpers/gas-price-oracle.js): ADD SOMETHING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`gas-price-oracle`](./helpers/gas-price-oracle.js): Get gas price oracle object used to know the current gas prices being paid on each network
```

> - [`get-wallet-from-pk`](./helpers/get-wallet-from-pk.js): ADD SOMETHING

Author: here

> - [`get-wallet-from-pk`](./helpers/get-wallet-from-pk.js): ADD SOMETHING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`get-wallet-from-pk`](./helpers/get-wallet-from-pk.js): Decode Ethereum address based on a private key
```

- [`logger`](./helpers/logger.js): Logger object that provides a friendly interface for fancy logging 
- [`numbers`](./helpers/numbers.js): BigNumber-related helper functions
- [`sleep`](./helpers/sleep.js): Sleep function to wait a number of seconds 
- [`times`](./helpers/times.js): Time constants for using with `Date()`

> - [`voting`](./helpers/voting.js): ADD SOMETHING

Author: and here

> - [`voting`](./helpers/voting.js): ADD SOMETHING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`voting`](./helpers/voting.js): Utils related to the CR Voting module of Aragon Court
```

Author: What is CR?
